Programming practices

1. Practicing constructors: ECPointerString.cpp
Now we continue the implementation of ECStringPtr class. We will finish the Duplicate() method implementation. Our focus here is the move constructor. 

2. ECTime.h/cpp 
This exercise lets you practice operator overloading. \
You need to implement a time class, which contains hour, minute and second. 
For example, suppose the time length is 1 hour, 20 minutes and 5 seconds. 
Then hour is 1, minute is 20 and second is 5. 
The constructor of this time class takes hour/minute/second as parameters. 
There is also a GetTime method for getting the time in hour/minute/second. 
The most important method is the operator+, which return the time as the sum of two time objects.

Note: second and minute are within 0 to 59, while there is no limit on hours. 
3. Class and STL container: ECAccounts.h/cpp
Implement a simple bank account: it has account number, account holder's name. 
Then you would like to store accounts in some container. What do you need for that?
Assume account numbers are distinct.

4. Inheritance and virtual. 
Open ECShapes.cpp. There is a simple class hierarchy: 
Shape, Rectangle and Square. There is a single interface function CalcArea().
(i) First implement the simple class hierarachy
(ii) Then try to make it more generic by using templates...

5. Open ECOverrideTest.cpp. Experiment with code for overriding. 
Try to change the provided code to perform overriding correctly.
Question: where to place "virtual", base class or sub-class if you just want to have ONE virtual?
Question: does parameter matter?
Question: does return value matter?

6. Continue from the previous code. 

Now let us experiment with memory deallocation. 
We will add destructors (with some print statements so we know whether objects are deallocated). 
We will investigate how to properly deallocate memory in a class hierarchy.

7 (if still have time). Implementing a rooted binary tree. ECRBT.h/cpp
In this exercise, you need to implement a rooted binary tree. 
Here, each node has an integer id. A node is either a leaf or has two child nodes.

There are two classes: the tree node class and the tree class. 
Rooted binary tree is represented by its root node. 
For the node class, you need to implement basic functions of the node (constructor and destructor). 
You also need to implement methods for setting up the node (i.e., set and get the child nodes). 
Another method you need to implement is, 
getting the number of leaf nodes below the node (if the current node is a leaf, it is counted).


